
21-4-2026

Updates:

1. AP- based addition of Wifi works, but it does not reboot the radio on provide a reboot button.
2. Create a reboot possibility from the physical buttons. Long press (3 seconds) buttons 1 and 3 together 
    - needed because the unit has an internal battery, so power-cycle won't work.
3. Store the volume setting so on reboot it comes back to same volume and station as last time.
4. Rename the AP for setup to be "ON8CIT-WinRadio-Setup"
5. Once booted set up a Webesite with a Web based version of the CLI, enabling station selection, volume etc. 
    We will extend this later, but for now let's get this up an running. Suggest better ways that we can find the 
    webserver on the local net without using the IP number assigned. 
6. On the OLED screen let's make some changes please replace the station list with just the current station name
    Eventually (not now) we will pick up station information SD storage, for now use the last part of the URL as
    the name and display the station name. 
7. Display ON8CIT WebRadio as a banner on all the web pages and on the main OLED. Have a boot splash screen as it is connecting
    to WIFI that shows the ON8CIT in bigger font with a cool logo too.
8. make sure that we keep the code in appropriate factors for this part of the work.
8.  Update this to-do list with the changes that you have made to the code, and your suggestions for further work.




Completed belwo here, ignore
21-4-2026

Wifi Connection Logic implementation.

This update is for simplifying the user experience around setting up a wifi connection. Requirements below:

1. Store multiple SSID/PWD combinations these should be accessed one by one until a connection is made, the order
should be possible to re-order at a later date - bear this in mind with the design.

2. On startup show the SSIDs that are available (by wifi scan) and their relative SSID. Limit to the size of the
screen.

3. If, before connection is made, button 3 is pressed then enter Wifi Setup mode to add another SSID to the list.
Show on the screen that we are entering Wifi Set up mode, also prompt the user to press button 3 to enter that mode.

4. Wifi Setup happens in 1 of two ways. 
    A. AS currently using the CLI - modify the CLI to allow the user to select an SSID from the list of available (or specify their own).
    B. Create a wifi access point that we can connect to (call it WS-InternetRadio) and where we can provide
    SSID credentials. The list of encoutnered SSIDs should be shown on the webpage with the ability to select (or specify own)
    C. The wifi access point should only be active during the credential gathering phase, othewise inactive.

